>> Kyle Simpson: Now my argument is that
even though you could do both of these
with let, you should only do
the variable on the for loop with let.
If you have a variable that belongs
to the entire scope of the function,
the correct syntactic way to signal
that to your reader is not to
use a let at the top level
of your function scope, but
to use a var cuz that the thing
it's always done for 24 years.
>> Kyle Simpson: If you were to
replace the var online with a let,
even though in this particular example
it would still functionally work.
My argument is that it would remove
a small amount of important semantic
information from the reader,
because the reader would then not know,
well what is your intent?
Is your intent for me to use it
everywhere or is your intent for
me to only use here at
the very top of the function?
I don't really know,
because lets are supposed to signal a very
localized usage of a variable, ideally
within only a couple of lines of code.
And if you're intent is to use
the variable across the whole function,
the let keyword might work,
but it's not the right tool.
It's not the right usage of the tool.
You've heard that adage before, if you are
gonna put a screw in or you're gonna put
a nail in, you should choose the right
tool, hammer versus, all right.
But I'm gonna extend that analogy, cuz not
only should you choose the right tool,
if I had a nail and I had a hammer,
I've done some home repair and
I could probably reasonably put a hammer
into a wall, put a nail into a wall, okay.
But what would happen if I had the same
tool and the same nail and to put
the nail in the wall, I put the hammer
in my mouth and I just did, [SOUND].
I have the right tool for the right job
but I'm using the tool the wrong way.
It's not enough to have the right tool,
you need to use the right
tool the right way.
So even though let might
be a tool that would work,
it's not being used in the correct way.
>> Kyle Simpson: The var keyword here is
a more appropriate tool to say I have
a variable that should be used across.
Here's a thought experiment,
imagine somebody were to design
a programming language
that only allowed you to
access any parameters to a function on
the very first line of the function.
And beyond the first line you
couldn't access the parameters.
How many of you would find
that to be a fun language
versus how many of you would find that to
be an annoying restriction in a language?
I think the reason, and this is what
I'm getting at, is it is natural
within the design of code that
some things are not block scoped.
Some things are, and if you have
something that is naturally block scoped,
please use let.
I'm not saying anything about let,
use let to block scope,
that's exactly what it's for.
But please don't go looking to make things
into lets that aren't naturally lets.
Yes?
>> Speaker 1: So
if you use ESLint, I think the default
setting is that if you use var,
then you get the unexpected let,
or the other way around, right.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's true.
And I just disagree with them, and
I have that rule turned off
in my own ESLint, okay.
Any tool that doesn't allow you to
customize it and instead enforces
its own opinion on you, is a tool that's
not helping you, it's getting in your way.
And I would argue it's not really
getting in your way in a helpful way.
It's getting on your way and
preventing you from communicating.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: To review for line two,
if we have var or let, will the variable
function in the same way in the-
>> Kyle Simpson: In this particular code
snippet they will behave the same.
So all I'm making the case right now on
this exact slide is a stylistic argument.
I'm about to make a bigger case for
why you sometimes want var,
but right now I'm only making
a stylistic argument for var.
A semantic argument for var, okay.
[COUGH] So if you have a variable
that is going to show up in
a place that would otherwise
be considered a block and
you use a let,
guess what happens to that variable?
Whether you want it to or not,
it attaches to that block.
One of the examples that I often run
across is if I'm trying to use a let and
I use it inside of a try-catch block,
I don't think of try-catch as a block,
I don't think of it as a scope.
I think of it as a syntactic
way to catch exceptions,
not even a particularly well designed one,
but it is how we catch exceptions.
I certainly don't think of it
as a place for me to hide scope.
And yet, the let keyword and
the const keyword block scope
themselves inside of it.
So guess what would happen if we did our
global find and replace from var to let?
This code would break because there
wouldn't be an id on line nine.
Var hoists,
we'll get it back to hoisting, but
var attaches itself to the function scope.
And I would argue in cases like this,
which arguably are not all the time, but
in some cases,
the var keyword is preferable to the let
keyword because it is able, in this case,
to escape an unintended block.
>> Kyle Simpson: The alternative here
would have been to declare a var outside
of the try, just like we did a few slides
ago, and then assign to it in two places.
And I would argue that the more
that you add lines of code to that,
the further you separate the declaration
from the assignment, the harder it is for
people to understand.
So this is one of those places where I
tend to prefer using something like a var.
While we're on the topic of var, another
thing that var can do which let can not is
that you can use var more
than once inside of a scope.
Here var is being used twice
within a function scope, and
we're not gonna get any
exceptions whatsoever.
And I used the var online six
because I was trying to disambiguate
where id comes from.
This is a semantic signal that
I'm sending to the reader,
regardless of which path we go through,
there's gonna be an id in the function
scope and it's gonna have a value.
So I put var in both places, and I can
do that because that's what var can do.
I can't do that with a let.
I don't do this that often,
as again as I've said.
This is not something that
happens a lot in the code.
But in the places that it happens,
I think that it is better that var is
a tool that has a different
capability then does let.
And if I had adopted some ESLint rule
that completely forbid all uses of var,
I would be restricted in this scenario.
Here's another place where I like to use
the var for the disambiguation of scope.
I tended to prefer my functions to be no
longer than about 15 or 20 lines of code.
Cuz I'd like to have all of my functions
be visible on my code screen at once,
in my editor at once.
But every once in a while,
maybe more often than I'd like to admit,
my functions are 100 lines or
200 lines long, it does happen.
Some of you probably have
some long functions, okay.
If I declare on line one of
a function some variable and
it's called teacher and I'm using it for
some purpose, and I use it for
a few lines and then we go down 200 lines
and then I need to use the variable again.
If I just start accessing it and
assigning to it, and
the reader is scrolled all the way
down there and they see that teacher,
it is not gonna be clear to
them what scope it comes from.
How are they gonna solve that?
They're gonna have to scroll 200 lines
up and go look for a var teacher.
>> Kyle Simpson: What I like to do is any
place where I'm going to reuse a variable
in a place where it's not obviously
already having been declared,
is I redeclare it to make it clear and
completely unambiguous
what scope it belongs to.
So I put another var id down on
line 200 to show you that I'm
using a variable called id in this scope,
regardless of whether it was declared
only once or being redeclared.
Vars can be reused within a scope,
lets cannot.
So there are both semantic reasons and
behavioral reasons why I think var and
let should coexist in your program
rather than having one be the other.
As a matter of fact, I would say,
essentially no time in all of computer
science history has that ever really
been true, that x is the new y.
That's just not a thing.
We create new stuff, but it almost never,
in the whole scope of everything that
we've invented, it is almost never
the case that when you create a new thing
it completely and totally obviates
the previous thing immediately.
It's almost always that it augments.
And so
what we have here is an example where
we love to write blog post that
say let is the new var and
we love to have t-shirts that say that and
we love to do global find and
replaces, but in reality let is not
the new var, it is let plus var.
They both are useful for our programs.
You had a question?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, if you,
like in this case, if you have id twice.
Is then the var stored in
the same memory location or
are there two memory locations
that reference each other or?
>> Kyle Simpson: Just one marble.
Remember from our earlier example, when
we run across the second var on line six
during the compilation phase,
we would have said, hey blue scope,
hey scope of lookup record,
ever heard of this thing called id?
And he would have said, yep,
and he would have said,
okay cool, nothing to do, no op.
There's already a marble called id.